Ah Suoxun, how can you take advantage of me?
So strong
Looks like he's quit drugs
Hey, hey, hey.
Don't move
Just detoxified you
You can't do strenuous exercise?
Don't think I'll forgive you if you save me
I, Su Yuehan
You won't be rejected twice by a man
I will remember this hatred for the rest of my life
Okay, okay, don't move now, okay?
In fact, he rejected me for a reason before
No no no no
I am Da Shun's daughter
For someone who rejected me twice
Hegu point
Shanti point
Point lift in the last stitch
What's going on here?
How is he reacting to getting bigger and bigger?
Is that the root cause of his old illness?
Day and night upside down
Yin flourishes and yang declines
On the occasion of the scarf.
Only your yang qi is transferred to him
How?
OK
How does this work?
I've already taken a big advantage by inviting him just now.
This, this, this doesn't work.
that
Don't save me
I'm sorry.
Today I am here to save your life
Today's stepfather
I will be responsible for you.